DPS James Johnson.
From the Los Alamos County Jail referral am
Free checks in right away.
TCL A501DL: Good morning. Can you hear me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's see what we got. We've got no video for you tap that button on your screen that says stop video. And let's see if that turns video on it should be a little camera. Oh, okay, I've got a TC la five zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on there.
TCL A501DL: It might just be dark in here.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta be able to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright. So, James. I know it's early but lets us, have a seat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's let's get started site. So nice to meet you again, we talked on the phone. My name is Glenn.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you already. I saw you checked in already
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Very cool. Um, I'm going to spend this morning, very briefly, all because I kind of already did a little bit of an introduction already
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll just kind of dive right in. I did get it. I took a peek at a couple of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Little inventories that you had done already, and kind of pulled out tiny little, little bits of information around is your first use of alcohol as your first use of marijuana. So already, check that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do today. And you're going to want to do this in the future. Anyway, so look around your room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And find some place that you can. I know it's not going to be like this where you can prop it up, but keep your eye out in your community dollar store something for somewhere that you can drop your phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're on a phone or laptop or whatever iPad or what device you're using on but look around your room and see if you can find someplace that you can prop your, your device up so that your hands are free.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're doing that, I'm going to open up the document that I'll be using today. So no rush.
TCL A501DL: Somewhere along those lines. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say that one more time.
TCL A501DL: Somewhere along these lines. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so, yeah. All right. Um, so, you already know you know my name. You know, I'm in Florida.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what else
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we're doing, we're kind of going to do a little assessment. So I wanted to share with you what I'm already looking at. So I'll show you what I'm looking at. And you can correct this. Because sometimes we fill in little squares and we don't mean to
TCL A501DL: Yeah, look at this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull this document up is not the whole document. It's just a fragment, but this is some pieces that I was going to be noting today so alcohol agent first use was 12 date.
Gwenevere Abriel: date of last use IT'S MARCH now your last drink was in December.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um days used in the past. Okay, so, skipping that and so you're denying this will move us along to other categories pretty quickly you deny lifetime use of powder and crack cocaine. Is that true
TCL A501DL: Yeah I denied. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Deny lifetime use of
Gwenevere Abriel: Math.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, tonight. Oh, cool, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then Ben zones which, of course, most people know them as as Xanax
TCL A501DL: Yeah, or deny that one too. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never, ever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no. Okay. And then same thing with hallucinogen no no mushroom experimentation. Right. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about things like inhalants huffing with it's things like that.
TCL A501DL: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And create them spice either of those two
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. All right. So, this meeting is transcribed. So you're going to hear me say some funny things like denies lifetime use you're gonna hear me talk like that.
That just
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's going to get transcribed. So, Louise transcribe client denies lifetime use of those substances.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What about what about treatment history. Actually, before I do that, I want to ask you any any accidental or intentional overdose with alcohol.
TCL A501DL: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so no no close calls there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any fentanyl use
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so no no opiates.
No.
TCL A501DL: never touched that stuff because that's all my sister touched a lot of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you did. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so there's getting there. So what I would invite today. I know it's cozy because it's in your home and even in your bed, treat it, treat it like it's an office visit though so there'll be no hat. There won't be a thing. There won't be smoking, there won't be intoxication.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I won't follow you into the restroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't believe it or not, this is it gets pretty comfortable, but so just kind of treat it like you would any other sort of professional setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so let's keep going here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You mentioned in here that there was a history of some physical and sexual mistreatment. Now, is this mistreatment was this before age 18
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. And then I have arrested before age 18 how many arrest you have in your history.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't have to be exact.
TCL A501DL: I'm going to assume anywhere from eight to 12
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight to 12 okay we're most of them around a particular arrest.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like possession or something. What we have
TCL A501DL: There, mainly all probation violation. Once I cut my first charge
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I gotcha. Okay. All right. Um, but, but, and then one of them, you had written on here. What's up, you had a paraphernalia charge
Gwenevere Abriel: And who really you're living with your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. And this question will come up relevant later. And I'll just fill it in. Who else living with you. Besides, Mommy, including pets.
TCL A501DL: Two dogs and my baby. Nice.
TCL A501DL: How about
TCL A501DL: Two and a half years old in between here in
TCL A501DL: June, July,
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you like babies.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I'm the I'm the Godfather to her.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's her name.
TCL A501DL: Erica.
Gwenevere Abriel: Erica. Okay. All right. And is your, is your mom Monica.
TCL A501DL: No, okay, mom's name is
Gwenevere Abriel: Paula. All right, who who's Monica Montoya
TCL A501DL: That's my
TCL A501DL: Probation Officers name really yeah her last name swash Weimer something along those lines, though, because she recently got married. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so, um, you what you did is on the release of information you had written Montoya
Gwenevere Abriel: It just makes it a bit of a challenge because we would want it to have the, the name that she she uses legally. I don't know. I'll have to check
And see what that is.
TCL A501DL: Oh, sorry, I couldn't figure out what her last name was at the time and I could remember how to spell it because
Gwenevere Abriel: I carry and nobody ever gets mine spelled right, too many ease
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to dive right into it. And again, I apologize. This assessment will feel like what it's really going to feel like in therapy. It's just going to be lots and lots of questions. But let's just get into it so that we can move through so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Age of first use. We know the nicotine. How often are you ingesting nicotine these days.
TCL A501DL: Every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you basing
TCL A501DL: Oh yeah, David, I smoke cigarettes.
Gwenevere Abriel: About how many cigarettes a day like 10 or something.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, about
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I must have seen that somewhere six to 10 or something on another assessment frequency 10 cigarettes. And do you know how much nicotine you're ingesting through the vapor
TCL A501DL: Not that much. I mean, about to say probably equivalent
TCL A501DL: Maybe less
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What age 13 first time you adjusted THC and you are 19 now. So what does the progression look like you experimented with it at 13 and what's been the frequency of use since then.
TCL A501DL: Every day I
TCL A501DL: Mean
TCL A501DL: Like two three grams a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you funding that use
TCL A501DL: The job. They usually have a job. How to time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
TCL A501DL: I still do. Well, yeah. All right.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: When was your last use
TCL A501DL: It was, um, the day before we got arrested. So January.
Gwenevere Abriel: 20 20th 20th. There we go. Okay. Very nice. Okay. And any treatment history for specifically for
Gwenevere Abriel: Alcohol or substance use. I'm assuming most people that come into this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are coming in, typically chemically dependent on opiates like heroin percocet roxy's fentanyl etc.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're kind of working with the Los Alamos county jail in a new capacity so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. Still treating history. Have you ever, like literally were in treatment. It was to address your substance use, which includes our call. So I'll say substance use and all that's what all been on the alcohol for you or
Gwenevere Abriel: No no no treatment. Okay.
TCL A501DL: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: The clients a nice treatment history. What about I thought I saw a little something something that you were quarter to one month of seeing a counselor for something. Do you know what that was for
TCL A501DL: Oh, it was, for it was through the tribal courts through a different set of charges and
TCL A501DL: It was through circles of life as a tribal organization that I was going to see a counselor for for a little bit until I did get arrested.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your experience with that counselor. Did you guys connect. Well, it seemed like a good fit or didn't work out.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, she was a good fit. So I got arrested.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were seeing her how often for that one month. How many times do you think you saw
TCL A501DL: Oh, once a week. So for for time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And were you guys able to delve in a little bit to
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the origin of where your stressors come from we able to get into any of that history in those four sessions.
Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, let's talk a little bit of a wait I wanted to know about ADHD medication. Have you ever experimented with Adderall or Ritalin by Vance any of that.
TCL A501DL: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client tonight's lifetime use of ADHD medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. So let's go to the to the alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some reason I didn't write that one down. What was the first stage that you experimented with alcohol.
TCL A501DL: Well 1314 no later than 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And how did you progress from there, you tried it and how often were you using
TCL A501DL: I'm in the beginning, not that often.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not that often to you and I will be different. So that's why I'm looking for numbers. So here you are 30 and then so I was drinking every weekend to passing out or I was drinking once a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you see, we're looking for numbers. See what you can. It doesn't have to be exactly this is just for me.
TCL A501DL: In the beginning, maybe once a week if that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and how much alcohol, where you can send me that once a week.
TCL A501DL: I'm
TCL A501DL: Looking Glass for me a little bit over a couple shots like six shots, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, that's hard liquor, obviously.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it progressed to what
TCL A501DL: Drinking every day. Once I was in high school.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much were you drinking on those every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
TCL A501DL: Anywhere from a sleeve shirt is a bottle or to a bottle or a fifth of jack Daniels.
Gwenevere Abriel: it ever gets the point that you had to have an eye opener. Many wake up and in order to feel even okay you needed to drink.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, sometimes every now and then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it ever get to the point where you got the deities. If you didn't drink, you get the shakes.
Know,
TCL A501DL: Like a client's a nice duties.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there ever a time when a buddy said to you, hey man, seriously, did you need to cut back on your drinking and you got annoyed with her him.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, sometimes.
Gwenevere Abriel: About you were there ever times where you're like, Okay, I'm going to try this. I'm going to try and cut back and it was harder than you thought. And maybe you weren't able to cut back the way you wanted to
TCL A501DL: Yeah, sometimes, there was
Gwenevere Abriel: And when was your last trick.
TCL A501DL: Like
TCL A501DL: Christmas night.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your lifetime. How many blackouts. Do you think you've had, you can guess. You don't have to be exact.
TCL A501DL: On too many
Gwenevere Abriel: More than 50 less than 100 and what
TCL A501DL: Lisa good solid
TCL A501DL: Yeah. Recent good solid 5060 times
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, close to a no alcohol poisoning events that resulted in hospitalization.
TCL A501DL: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, like our history 50 to 60 times
Gwenevere Abriel: Working in a restaurant or
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I had several jobs in restaurants through most of my high school years. And then I finally have a job at a shot mechanic. Well, I've had two jobs at a mechanic shop.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Yeah, I was just curious about the alcohol. You know, I just wondered if you happen to have been around it.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I used to work in the restaurant. I used to work at before I got
TCL A501DL: This job in my previous job and mechanic shop. I'm used to be connected to a bar.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so I'm going to move to a different category for someone to explain something you know how I keep slipping my head up and down.
Gwenevere Abriel: This morning, it's really bad for me. I have a little congestion. I can't explain where it comes from. I had it for a long time. And the only way to clear it is to live my head back so you can laugh at me.
TCL A501DL: I'm used to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's even in my wedding. So something I can do about it. I've tried everything. Um, so you're going to see
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's not because I'm a little
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not annoyed. But it's because I'm trying to clear my ear and sometimes I have to flip my head all the way over so
Gwenevere Abriel: My hair. I just, yeah. You'll get used to it. In fact,
Gwenevere Abriel: She's like, I don't even notice anymore. You do it all the time like okay so that's what that witnesses.
TCL A501DL: Okay. All right. Well, I thought of something to do with the boat or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's my ears. I feel like I'm like 20 feet underwater. It's this pressure, it's, it's just really fun day me um
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's dive in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to pass psychiatric history. Okay.
TCL A501DL: I'm going to be, let's see all of their format here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, as far as formal diagnoses. Have you ever been diagnosed with depression and anxiety, attention deficit disorder learning disorder anything
TCL A501DL: ADHD when I was younger.
How old
TCL A501DL: Six or seven, I believe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you were you given a stimulant and that is, those of those medicines, I was mentioning earlier the run Adderall. I dance any of that.
TCL A501DL: I was on
TCL A501DL: I wasn't anything like that. But there's a at the time, there's a, I think it was a drug or something. But it was risk little or something along those games.
TCL A501DL: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long did they have you on and
TCL A501DL: A couple Martin. They also had me on Abilify until my parents, um,
TCL A501DL: Oh, I don't know. I don't like taking pills. So I refused to take my pills. When I was a kid, I still refuse to take medicine will
Gwenevere Abriel: Refuse to take it. Okay. All right. I gotcha. Well, I'm glad I asked this question because I would have wouldn't have been able to catch this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so if I mentioned a substance. It can either be for recreational meaning I'm trying to have a euphoric effect or for something that's something was prescribed. So it was talking about the
Gwenevere Abriel: The ADHD medication earlier, it could be for either reason like I
TCL A501DL: Have had it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was under a doctor's care. I didn't like it. You can you can interrupt me at any time and fill in the blanks. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't be offended. All right. Hi, welcome it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Earlier earlier. I think I heard you say no hospitalizations before substance related admission.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were there any hospitalizations, because you wanted to take your own life. You were indeed suicidal, you had taken action or you were starting to tell people I don't want to live anymore we ever hospitalized for suicidal ideation.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, once in high school when I was a freshman, I
TCL A501DL: Oh shit, I guess it. I guess I kind of missed on one of the questions when it says about an overdose I overdose in the middle of my classes when I was a freshman off of
TCL A501DL: 13 values and I ended up in the hospital and that's almost and then I was transferred to you and him psychological psychological or children psychological hospital in Albuquerque.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long were you in there.
TCL A501DL: You know, a week or two.
TCL A501DL: A week or two. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be times when we want hear each other. Um, if you could
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can
Gwenevere Abriel: So like I said, sometimes you and I will accidentally talk over each other. We won't mean to, but there's just this little delay.
TCL A501DL: So just kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Be mindful of that. Okay. So yeah, let me back up a little bit so glad you remembered. So what's up. I have an overdose of
Gwenevere Abriel: Value. So do you know which substance is a member you denied any history of a benzodiazepine it might be just value is that
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay because I'm glad you don't know all the terms.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, no, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a good sign. So let's talk about volume for a minute when we
Gwenevere Abriel: When we read your first use of value.
TCL A501DL: That time
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And that was a freshman puts you at about 15 I'm guessing.
TCL A501DL: Yeah 1516
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many
Gwenevere Abriel: How many milligrams. You think you took, or how many tablets or something.
TCL A501DL: I remember I was 18 pills.
Gwenevere Abriel: 13 pills Holy moly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then of course you pass it on, and you are taking with a with a by emergency vehicle through an ambulance.
TCL A501DL: To hospital. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that wasn't that was an accidental overdose.
TCL A501DL: Oh noes on purpose, Australia, take my own life.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were okay so someone told you you take these that why then that'll do the track.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
TCL A501DL: Nobody told me that I kind of did my own research because I stumbled across the pills and I did a little research, and then I'd have taken 13 of them.
Okay.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any other use of value.
TCL A501DL: No, not since then. So one time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there any other mood altering substances that you didn't hear me bring up just as we're talking about it. Now we're kind of circling back. Is there anything that kind of stands out to you now that we're talking about kind of visiting the topic again.
TCL A501DL: Oh no, not that I can think of at the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, you know, just tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: I can always go back up to that section. All right, all right. Yeah. So really, that is kind of a combo deal not uncommon for people to assess a lethal means through overdose. And this was with the intent to die.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. You wanted to die.
TCL A501DL: Want to live anymore. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Age 15 suicidal action taken via overdose. Oh, yeah. Okay, now
Gwenevere Abriel: Were there ever any just suicidal ideation before that maybe it never got to plan, maybe it didn't get to intent was that present in your life, prior to
TCL A501DL: Oh yeah, just a little
Gwenevere Abriel: A little so tell me you would have the thought about how early in your life.
TCL A501DL: Like since since I was in med school. Since around seventh grade.
Gwenevere Abriel: would only get to thinking or way to get all the way to a plan.
TCL A501DL: Sometimes we'll get to the plan. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it ever get to back in middle school where you took action. You started to gather the lethal means whether it was a substance or a weapon or something.
TCL A501DL: Yeah. Click knives younger. Well, I still do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this the first time at where you actually took action and tried to take your own life. If you think about it. Was there another time when you actually took action.
TCL A501DL: Maybe once or twice more by slitting my wrists, but it didn't go deep enough because I'm still here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did the splitting of the rest result in sutures they needed to be, you know, some
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about this for just a second, how. Um, maybe once or twice. I think we'll let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about this for a second. Sometimes people will what I call self injure they'll actually cut, cut, cut, cut, or they'll burn burn burn on the thighs, maybe places people can't see, they'll do that in order to relieve psychological stress which is different than I want to die.
TCL A501DL: Do you think that the splitting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the risk
Gwenevere Abriel: Which went. Now when you reflect back. Do you think you really wanted to stop living or did you want to just not be in psychological pain anymore.
TCL A501DL: It was a little, little bit of both. Because there'd be some nights that I would go deep in my arm. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe once or twice. Would you say it's more than twice that there may have been cutting behavior that was three times in your life or 20 times or hundred times.
TCL A501DL: If you're honest with yourself, because you might
As well.
TCL A501DL: Well, I could order I cut my sophomore senior year. All the code from eighth grade all the way up until my sophomore year in high school.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's great to senior year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sophomore sophomore year. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where we cutting where you cutting places could see or
TCL A501DL: Under underneath.
Gwenevere Abriel: My arms arms.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And why did you decide to stop.
TCL A501DL: Drew too much attention to me.
TCL A501DL: Because, because I've you wearing long sleeves and I pulled them up and I forget about my scars are some old
TCL A501DL: Are some fresh cuts and I'd be walking in class or walking down the hallway or something and friends would ask about it, teachers would ask about it, my parents would ask about it and I used to have to come up with a different excuse every time.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And when was the last time you have done some of that self injurious behavior when would you say the last time was like last week, last month, last year, how far back.
TCL A501DL: Three, four years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha. And now visiting that that suicidal piece I saw a little bit from another assessment. You know how I was sharing the screen showing you
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a little bit of suicidal ideation. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going on in there. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How recent is that is that last night is that this morning. Was it a week ago, a month ago how far back is the the suicidal ideation, where it's at least in the thinking
On
TCL A501DL: Oh no. Well, when I was in when I was incarcerated. I tried to hang myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, and now I don't, I'm not looking at your record, by the way, I'm I can't see in there so
Gwenevere Abriel: It was that in December was that
Gwenevere Abriel: December. Okay.
It's December.
TCL A501DL: Last
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm sorry. I'll put January.
TCL A501DL: January. Yeah, it was in January 22
Gwenevere Abriel: And who who who helped you. How are you saved.
Oh, the guards.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guards found you.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, they were. I was in the rec room, I decided to do it. So they saw me on the cameras preparing to do so they kind of barged in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm thinking about since January 22 and today. How often does it come up where you have those thoughts.
TCL A501DL: I'm not too often.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't be different.
TCL A501DL: Doesn't happen too often. I mean, every now and then I started with the idea
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so not too often, and now again now and again it's going to be different for everyone. So let's see if we can be hitting measure it. Is it daily. Is it weekly is it 10 times a day. Is it once a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can give it a number. It doesn't have to be exact, but it's going to really help my work with you.
TCL A501DL: Maybe a couple times a month. Is that okay, two times a month and
Gwenevere Abriel: Do those times, get to the point where you start planning how you do it, or does it say just in the in the thoughts.
TCL A501DL: It just stays in the thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so the last time that you actually had a plan intent and action was January 22 since then up to today. It's just been just a thought that comes in and then it leaves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. All right, I got you. If you have those thoughts again even if they're the passing ones. I still want to know, okay.
TCL A501DL: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tell me. Yeah, I had some because I'll be checking in on it anyway. And you could, yeah. I had on them. Maybe I spent five or 10 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: On that thought. Or you might say it was. I thought at first, just a fraction of a second. And I was like, Okay, no. And then you moved on to another spot. Either way, whatever your truth is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be checking in on that. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So now let's go the other direction. Have you ever had homicidal ideation.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any homicidal
Gwenevere Abriel: So no ideation therefore no lifetime plan intent or action.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. So client denies lifetime homicidal ideation plan intent or action, please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's see what they got in here. What do we got we got we got any other hospitalizations, now that we brought the topic up you have that one for those 13 volume's any other hospitalizations.
TCL A501DL: Oh no, that's
TCL A501DL: Those are the only ones.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: I'm actually boys. One more time. Another time that I was hospitalized because I got drunk really drunk and I got into a fight and I ended up losing that if I ended up having my ass handed to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old are you,
TCL A501DL: I'm
TCL A501DL: Well 17
Gwenevere Abriel: How long were you in the hospital.
TCL A501DL: Just there for a couple hours because it was just like patch me up and then I kind of walked out of the hospital drunk.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, just please transcribe verbatim.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, it's okay. Oh, no, no, you're, you're doing great. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're doing fantastic
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I've noticed that your information comes sort of in waves like it may not mean I may not be present when I'm asking it, but then slowly, it'll kind of come up
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. You remember some. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you ever have difficulty with long term memory, like when you want to remember something you don't have access to it.
TCL A501DL: Depending on the situation, what I'm thinking about. Sometimes it comes to me right away or sometimes I have to sit there reminiscing about it until it does come to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that are you having some difficulty this morning.
TCL A501DL: Oh yeah, I just woke up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just checking didn't know if that was normal for you. Okay, you're doing fine. Just gotta ask because memory is an important feature around substance use concussion. I thought I saw you may have had one, six months ago or something. So I just wanted to make sure memory was okay.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, the concussion I listed was from that incident.
Gwenevere Abriel: From the drunken a 17 thing.
Yeah.
Back to psychiatric
Okay, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever seen a psychiatrist and they placed you on medication. So take that hospital that you went that Children's Hospital. Did they prescribe you psychiatric medication.
TCL A501DL: Do you remember what it
Gwenevere Abriel: Was you
TCL A501DL: Know they never gave me any medication because
TCL A501DL: I'm I told them straight up. I wouldn't take their pills. I wouldn't take those or I wouldn't take medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be surprised if they're on a discharge paperwork. They didn't make their prescription and you may not have filled it. That's what I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I'm trying to say no.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I know what you're trying to say, but also my, my mother and my father.
TCL A501DL: We don't know.
TCL A501DL: It's a belief, since a young age that I wouldn't
TCL A501DL: Yeah, but no. The my father, my parents always fought for me not to take pills and stuff too.
Because I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know why. Or maybe you do know. Why is it part of a faith.
TCL A501DL: No, just like pills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is we'll talk more about that. Alright so client denies ingestion of psychotropic medication secondary to explaining to medical professionals that he will not be compliant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some report of prescription Risperdal and Abilify
Gwenevere Abriel: Reported
Gwenevere Abriel: And refuse to take it, just to be clear, did you try the respite all and identify. Are you or did you take zero tablets.
TCL A501DL: Oh no, I tried. There is put on Abilify
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And are you talking about for like a couple weeks. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or left
TCL A501DL: I'm like, maybe it was maybe three months tops. So taking those pills toys out of myself as I go, but they shall not gonna take no more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember feeling different when you were on that stuff.
TCL A501DL: Now, I really didn't have it in change my mood or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yeah, it's not working. Why do it right.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Let's see what else I got in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my god, I got that I got down good Kota Kota Kota Kota Kota Kota Kota. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go down here to another section. Let's go to where you adopted.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to be asking questions that same questions, but for different people. Okay, so you're going to get familiar with them, they'll kind of feel predictable after a while. Is your mother and father are they living or deceased.
TCL A501DL: And mother and father live
Gwenevere Abriel: Any substance use, including alcohol with mother, we're going to focus on mother for a second. Do you know if she's been diagnosed with
Gwenevere Abriel: an anxiety disorder depressed depression impulse control eating disorder dissociative obsessive compulsive disorder, alcohol use anything having to do with
TCL A501DL: psychiatric illness which
Gwenevere Abriel: Include steps, while
TCL A501DL: I'm a mother.
TCL A501DL: Had depression, when I was younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she does or does not drink alcohol.
TCL A501DL: She doesn't drink, drink and
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't as far as, you know, no mood altering substances. No, no drugs.
TCL A501DL: No only only drug she takes this for like your blood pressure and stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And on her history, um, has she ever had a suicide attempt or have you heard rumors are stories about people on her line of family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where there was psychosis or schizophrenia or suicidal psychotic behavior anything on her, you know, maternal we would call it mom's side of the family and history there.
TCL A501DL: Yeah. Her dad. My grandpa committed suicide before I was born.
So pet turtle.
That's her no grandfather didn't suicide before I was born.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other history there that I
Mentioned pension.
TCL A501DL: Know,
TCL A501DL: So you never know.
TCL A501DL: Okay. Yeah. No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and to do. Okay, what about physical illness for medical illness for mother. Are you aware of any. Oh, you said something earlier. What was that hyper tension something
TCL A501DL: Was it
Gwenevere Abriel: High blood pressure and things
TCL A501DL: That she has high blood pressure and
TCL A501DL: Recently, well not not recently maybe around this time last year, or two years ago. She had a
TCL A501DL: brain aneurysm that she went through surgery for and during the surgery, she had a stroke and well after the stroke and
TCL A501DL: Yeah. During the surgery. Choose kind of had to be rehabilitated. But now she's, she's fine. She's walking. She's normal again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's great. And that rehab does work. Yeah.
TCL A501DL: Thank goodness for that. Yeah. It helped her a lot
TCL A501DL: Yeah, then also to when the ambulance or the company that was transporting her from Albuquerque to the to the rehabilitation center. Oh, the ambulance services they dropped my mother at the hospital and because her hip to go out to place
My dear.
TCL A501DL: So now. She's suing the company.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a. So, some kind of hip injury say
TCL A501DL: Sustain okay well she could still walk right okay very well she she could walk around and everything she just kind of struggles every now and then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to show you some words. Okay, now
Gwenevere Abriel: This is describing number. I said, these questions are going to be for different people, then you're going to be for dad, they're going to be for
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have siblings, they're going to be had, you had kids, they would be about that they would be for
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were married if you relationships. So there's going to be same words there's kind of a positive grouping and then typically some negative words in this category. They're pulled apart. I'll show you one list because oftentimes people are not just one thing.
TCL A501DL: We're complicated we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Both are both, you know, loving wonderful supportive and other times we can be neglectful abusive and controlling. So I'm going to show you a couple lists.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just pick the words that seem true because people in on this kind of assessment are not good or bad. So I'm going to show you some words. Okay, so let's look at them together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is for the quality of relationship with Mother, you can pick any words you want. Would you describe the quality with mom is adequate close or consistent any of those top three
TCL A501DL: Me and my mama close
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about fulfilling functional intimate or loving any of those are all of them.
TCL A501DL: All of them because she's a good mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, intimate loving issue reliable. Is it a rewarding quality of relationships. Yes, yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stable supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes, yes. Got it. Okay, so let's go to these words, as well as any sense of abusive avoidant or boring, any of those words to describe quality with mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know about a chaotic controlling work distant
TCL A501DL: Moms. Can my mom can be controlling sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: About exploitive fragile are inconsistent. If there's a word. You don't know. You can always ask me,
TCL A501DL: Know,
TCL A501DL: I'm sorry. It's just the screens on my word are showing up kind of blurry because my phone's not that great. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you're doing a great job. Sorry about the blurriness
TCL A501DL: Okay, so we have
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just keep reading them that
Gwenevere Abriel: Inconsistent neglectful either of those two words inconsistent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or neglectful no parasitic punishing or stale any of those words parasitic punishing or stale.
TCL A501DL: Sometimes my mom can be kind of punishing per se.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, whoops, scoot down to four. How about traumatic unfaithful unhappy, any of those words.
TCL A501DL: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unhealthy unsatisfying unsupportive
TCL A501DL: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you told me dad was living alright for dad. See these words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any anxiety alcohol use, depression, bipolar, attention deficit impulse control schizophrenia on his side of the family psychotic disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Suicide.
TCL A501DL: My, my dad was a was an alcoholic. When I was younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And was there any, do you know I'm learning disability on his side schizophrenia on his side of the family. Any suicidal behavior. Any personality disorders on that side of the family.
TCL A501DL: No. Not to my knowledge. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any medical illness that you're aware of with Father.
TCL A501DL: Um, he has hypertension as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Scoot over here to these words. Oh, go ahead.
TCL A501DL: A while.
TCL A501DL: Last, you know, near the always. This is a new year near the
TCL A501DL: near the middle of last year, he had had a flare up in his diverticulitis so he went through surgery for that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of scribes, the ways diverticulitis let's go to quality. Here we go. You ready, these are the same words we were using other quality with Father relationship adequate close or consistent
Close.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fulfilling functional intimate
Yeah.
Oops.
Gwenevere Abriel: Loving reliable rewarding.
TCL A501DL: Loving and reliable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Satisfying or stable.
TCL A501DL: Stable and satisfying
Gwenevere Abriel: Just checking. What do you have in your right hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Left hand, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, are you, baby.
No good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Supportive or symbiotic. Some people don't know what that word symbiotic is
TCL A501DL: Oh, what does that mean
Gwenevere Abriel: So symbiotic can feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this. Everything I do my dad does. We are basically I make a decision. We kind of decided together. We're almost like this. We move in tandem. We do everything we feel each other's feelings. It's all very, very, very, very, very close symbiotic means you're almost one person.
TCL A501DL: Sometimes it would be like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, okay.
TCL A501DL: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't have a sometimes thing I it's okay. You're fine. Let's go to quality relationship with each other. So parents relationship with each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the relationship between the two. Was it adequate close consistent or fulfilling
TCL A501DL: Um, yeah, up until they got divorced
Gwenevere Abriel: Just curious. Was it abusive avoidant boring chaotic.
TCL A501DL: Sometimes. Sometimes they would be abusive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it ever chaotic.
Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there ever one person. It was controlling the other
TCL A501DL: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: exploitive where one person sort of uses the other
TCL A501DL: Oh no. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And neglectful parasitic punishing. Was there any of that going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: No dramatic unfaithful.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm happy unhealthy unsatisfying unsupportive
Probably the last day okay I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it, okay. Nicely done. Let's see. Do you have siblings.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I got to Sister two older sisters to older
Okay, two older sisters
Gwenevere Abriel: What are their names.
TCL A501DL: Ashley and Vanessa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cowles Ashley.
TCL A501DL: 2425 I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And remember those questions, I was asking you about your parents, you can kind of move through it quickly. Any substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any mental illness there.
TCL A501DL: With my sister Ashley. She's bipolar and she's a heroin addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: On it. Mm hmm. How close are you to her.
TCL A501DL: We were really close now just kind of a bitch. So
TCL A501DL: Not close no more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got
Gwenevere Abriel: Ashley 24
Gwenevere Abriel: Bipolar
Used to be close.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: What about Vanessa. How old is the Nessa
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, any mental illness, substance use their
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: How close are you with her.
TCL A501DL: Oh, we're pretty close. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Vanessa, a
Gwenevere Abriel: Mental illness and substance use history client endorsing close relationship. Please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever married
TCL A501DL: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Transcribed never marry me and my sister.
No.
TCL A501DL: Oh, no, no, no, no, we may have to finish it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, in general, what
Gwenevere Abriel: We actually found in this section. It's and another one. I'll jump over there, over there, over there, over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, they're not asking for it yet. Okay. Where were you born
TCL A501DL: In New Mexico.
TCL A501DL: It's Piniella Espanola yeah and yo
Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: Mexico. Okay. And when your mother was pregnant with you. Was it a normal pregnancy. Were you prematurely born delayed prolong delivery. Do you have any stories about that.
TCL A501DL: When I came out of the umbilical cord was wrapped around my neck out of the blue on the half life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know if she describes any milestones being delayed eating on time crawling on time walking on time or was everything on time.
TCL A501DL: Everything was on time.
First order we now know placement of three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Third temperament. Okay. Got some words for you. Temperament is kind of like what you were like when you were a little baby. Were you anxious easy or cranky, any of those
Easy baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Easy cuddly extrovert or fussy.
TCL A501DL: Sometimes fuzzy
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy introvert overactive
Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad shy withdrawn.
TCL A501DL: When I was younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Any childhood fears, um, let me explain some of those. For example, if there were childhood fears. There may have been what's called
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're racist or increases. There may have been bed soiling there may have been tix there may have been nightmares. There may have been separation anxiety, not wanting to be away from a trusted other parents. There may have been rocking behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does anybody. Do you remember any of that or is anybody ever say hey you had some of these things when you were younger.
TCL A501DL: I had a separation anxiety when I was younger. We serve rock myself a lot and
TCL A501DL: I used to what my bed when I was younger, because of night terrors.
Gwenevere Abriel: Writers yep and about how, like, Did it go all the way into life age eight or 10 how far into the bed wedding last
TCL A501DL: Last until
TCL A501DL: I was like seven or eight, I believe.
School
Gwenevere Abriel: You were I think expelled possibly which here is that right, I thought I saw something like that. So I'm just checking.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I was expelled from the high school my junior year okay
Gwenevere Abriel: In general for you though. I've got some words in front of me when you think about school performance normal outstanding disliked school disorganized dyslexia hyperactive in attention, any of those words sort of stand out for you.
TCL A501DL: I mean, I hated school, but I was a good student.
TCL A501DL: And stuff. I just fucking hated school
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got you. Was there any talking excessively any stuttering any math or reading problems.
Any of that.
TCL A501DL: Math is not my strong suit. Good.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you never got in trouble for talking too much in class.
TCL A501DL: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm thinking about friends when you were coming up many friends close friends, few friends are teased by friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it again.
TCL A501DL: Oh, I had a few close friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm his okay parent behavior. Did your parents argue frequently in your presence.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they ever get violent
TCL A501DL: In your presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: They ever get in private.
Gwenevere Abriel: They. What did they ever get violent in private.
TCL A501DL: Not to my knowledge.
Gwenevere Abriel: We ever grounded. It was about it with a fist slapped or spanked any or all of those
TCL A501DL: Oh, Spain was hit by a couple times by my grandma.
TCL A501DL: Was discipline the right, the right way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have that as a drop down, sorry, the right way is very different for every family. So were you ever grounded. Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll take that. I'll take it off. All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about just the physical abuse, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that from family member, friend partner or stranger.
TCL A501DL: Or family member.
Gwenevere Abriel: And being touched in appropriately prior to age 18 where you ever, like now that you think back, was there any molestation, you are touched inappropriately before age of 18
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I was molested by my cousin cousin. Okay, that's a family member.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you ever report it.
TCL A501DL: Parents did
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. How old were you at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We won't be five. Okay, so your age four or five one time incident or was an ongoing
TCL A501DL: Oh, one time incident, I believe. Okay, cousin.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and any
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you a survivor of sexual assault later on in your life like after age 18
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right conduct problems. Let's move over to this again, kind of, when you were younger, you're still so young. It's kind of like very recent stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any animal cruelty. Were you ever cruel to an animal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Set any fires like just do I want to set that on fire, because that's cool.
Any of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. But he did he have any binge eating, where you just massive amounts of calories high fat house high salty foods like just sort of sit down and really gorge that's binge eating any of that.
TCL A501DL: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's in your right hand.
What is it though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really fidget okay
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is long it'll be a challenge in our session if it looks like you're a thing. You can't do it in group, either because it's a trigger for people. So I just keep kind of I noticed you're coming up here with it. So that's all. All right. Have you ever run away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have her no
Gwenevere Abriel: No. No. Okay. No, I'm Eddie. What about stealing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any history there.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. And ever brought a weapon to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no. Okey dokey. All right, now I saw a little something something that you
Gwenevere Abriel: So right junior year I think expelled from school, but then you went and got your GED. Is that right,
TCL A501DL: Yes. Okey doke.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to write that. How, how old were you when you got your GED.
TCL A501DL: 1718
Gwenevere Abriel: And we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Why we excel.
TCL A501DL: Clean. I had a pipe on school property.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold off the principal
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't hear that part. Some about the principal I had
Gwenevere Abriel: Paraphernalia on campus. And what happened with the principal
TCL A501DL: Oh, I told them off. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All your friends wake up early.
Gwenevere Abriel: Educational history, um, any other training after that to do kind of try a little bit of college here in there.
TCL A501DL: Oh, was in high school I was taking a dual or dual credit classes. I had a loving class to psychology class and
TCL A501DL: I don't know the class. What I can't remember what it was but or robotics class at our robotics class and call it College of psychology and well
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: You may have some stuff already.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're here right now you are
Working
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm asking
TCL A501DL: This question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you employed.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: full or part time
TCL A501DL: Full
Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
TCL A501DL: It's pretty stable.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, do you, I guess.
TCL A501DL: Bisexual
Gwenevere Abriel: Gay, Bisexual
Gwenevere Abriel: And for each one of those
TCL A501DL: Multiple
Right, so that's heterosexual
Gwenevere Abriel: Person.
Or
TCL A501DL: Um, I wasn't
TCL A501DL: Previously till I before I went to go work and I've done
TCL A501DL: Okay, I think I got that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you think about your romantic
Gwenevere Abriel: People that you are
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember those words.
TCL A501DL: That I was using
TCL A501DL: Your brown rice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
You know, the, the words.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: For any of those abuse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Control.
TCL A501DL: Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where they close
Gwenevere Abriel: Loving
TCL A501DL: Those close and loving. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you have any children.
TCL A501DL: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I saw
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: I can hear you now.
TCL A501DL: Thank
TCL A501DL: You
TCL A501DL: Earlier.
You
told me how many there were. And I
TCL A501DL: Meet you too me
TCL A501DL: Anywhere between eight to 10 okay
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Off the steam.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gaming super high
TCL A501DL: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Zero would be
TCL A501DL: Handled
TCL A501DL: Your
TCL A501DL: Turn
TCL A501DL: Oh,
TCL A501DL: I'm sorry, it was question like, you broke up on last part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know my connection is getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Rank yourself from zero
TCL A501DL: What your self esteem, self esteem.
TCL A501DL: Oh, it's a pretty high, as well, like maybe a sudden an eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me put 7.5
TCL A501DL: Yellow works.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we're done with
Part
TCL A501DL: I know we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Running out
It has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a couple areas.
TCL A501DL: Into it when we
Gwenevere Abriel: When it comes to
Gwenevere Abriel: And for you is
Gwenevere Abriel: Your goal around here.
TCL A501DL: Okay, um,
TCL A501DL: To stay clean and sober to stay away from the bottle. Okay, and
TCL A501DL: Yeah, just basically to stay sober for a while, get my life together join the Marines of the Navy and get out of here.
TCL A501DL: Oh, okay. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: To get out of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Um, we're going to set another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'm going to see, you know, if you've connected with Dr brielle whether you have a time set to meet with her to do your health and physical should be asking you a lot more of those health related questions. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know if that's center ready
TCL A501DL: Oh, I believe so. I believe it's set for 1010 today. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just do exactly what you did then today. And honestly, you're going to have so much fun. You will have done like the big push. So bravo. You've done. You've done a lot of work to get this far.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's set another time when you and I are going to need for me just look at next week. Okay. Oh, let me set for right now you're doing some work. What are your hours.
TCL A501DL: Oh, I'm not too sure yet because I did just recently, get my job back. I need to go speak to my boss today or tomorrow to figure out what my hours are going to be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Write this down. You got a piece of paper right
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are your group times. So when you look at your schedule, then you can text me. And you can say, okay, when I can attend this group here are your choices Monday 9am and 1pm. You have two choices on that way Tuesday's 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursdays 11am
Gwenevere Abriel: Friday at 12pm
Gwenevere Abriel: So today, if you can all know G a little bit. I'll be like, Hey, well group do you want, but if you could remember to send me what your schedule is for next week, that would be great.
Gwenevere Abriel: If not, I want to put something on the books because my appointments disappear like really fast. So I want to get you in here, at least with something
TCL A501DL: And then I'll tell you.
TCL A501DL: What did you say the Times work for the groups on Tuesday and Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday is 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday.
11am
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'm just going to say for now until we work something out. I'm
Gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna do same time so 8am. On March 19
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you'll text me later today and tell me if we have to change that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need to work out a group to. All right, so I better go. This clients knocking on the door trying to get in here. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great. Okay, I know this is a lot of assessments coming out, check, check in with Dr. Aubrey all about 945 and virtual clinic clinic and I'll wait to hear from you today around which group. We're going to get you assigned to. Okay.
TCL A501DL: All right, cool.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.